add meltwater video (#89)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2022-06-10-live-migrate-meltwater/index.md

---
date: '2022-06-10T17:00:00.000Z'
title: 'How to migrate from the Amazon VPC CNI to Cilium in K8s'

> ogImageUrl: 'https://twitter.com/ciliumproject/status/1534181385866313728/photo/1'

Author: ```suggestion
ogImageUrl: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/6Sks_Th99t0/hqdefault.jpg'
```

> ogSummary: 'Learn how Meltware live migrated to Cilium'

Author: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Watch this vidoe to learn how Meltware live migrated to Cilium'
```
